I'm not dead yet.
I was going to die
But who asked the imperial teacher to suddenly send a message to tell me to stay alive?
The imperial master left me alive
Haha, that's right.
I can only say you are lucky.
From the same place as the imperial teacher
Maybe.
After a thousand years, the imperial teacher is a little homesick, right?
Can you make a place like Rakshasa?
Presumably not an orthodox person
I suggest you say less
The strength of the imperial teacher is supreme
You keep talking like that
The imperial master may have heard it
Yeah, so what?
If you really want to fight
I'm not necessarily afraid
Your inexplicable confidence
I really don't understand a bit
I see you are fine
Get up, the doctor wants to see you, don't worry
I can't die, it's not that I want to see me
Humph
Think with your toes and you know there's nothing else going on
Whatever you want.
But this trip is certain
Otherwise, I don't want your life either
I am now a distinguished guest of the National Teacher
What's your attitude?
Hahaha
VIP, if you were honest
Might be a guest
You dare to play tricks on me
Humph
Come in Sophie
Take good care of your guest dad
Is there a bird that really has you?
You win
Adults please change clothes
This imperial teacher
Looks like I have to meet